hey everybody today I am reviewing the
professional Agent Zero shine this is a
new product from benefit it says shine
vanishing pro powder and it's kind of an
all-in-one system for a mattifying
powder because your powders in here but
also your brushes in here as well so
kind of an interesting concept
definitely different from any sort of
powder format that I've had before I
have had several loose powders that have
included a brush but in a lot of cases
the brushes haven't really been usable
or big enough or something I really
liked to use for its intended purpose
this is kind of cool and that the brush
is actually usable lames on the
packaging it says mattifying pore
perfecting invisible finish ultra
lightweight and this is something that
you can put um over the top of your
finished makeup look you could touch up
with it the top part just twists off and
it actually kind of looks like a drink
shaker there at the top and you can just
twist it to actually open up the holes
so I think that makes it really travel
friendly I love when loose powder
products actually have some sort of a
cap or a lock you know on the top so
when you do twist off your outer cap
it's not going everywhere rush I
actually find to be pretty soft it is
kind of tapered down at the side and I
blend it out in circular motions it kind
of spreads over the area where I want to
put it and I feel like it is large
enough to do the job I did go all over
my face just as like a finishing powder
right before doing this video I feel
like my skin is totally matte and even
after putting it on freshly applied
makeup where you know I pretty much
thought I had enough on you know I don't
feel like it looks thick or um to make
up II you know it's not really apparent
on my skin so the other day I waited til
the absolute end of my day my makeup was
probably on for about twelve hours and
this is classic me toward the end of the
day as my makeup starts to wear almost
of my face looks pretty even but then my
nose is pretty darn shiny so I did apply
some of this and I took a little after
picture for you to see the effects of
that as well
and obviously you know it mattified that
area
it kind of even thinks out I thought all
over my face where I put it I kind of
went under my eyes a little bit too but
the thing is is that there's a lot of
really inexpensive powders that do what
this does in a pressed format with a
mirror with the little puff and the
compact so like if that is the way you
want to touch up is with powder I mean I
think that there are a lot of other
methods out there that are workable that
are definitely good and get the job done
just like this does I'm thinking of like
my Maybelline shine-free pressed powder
L'Oreal True Match powder this is
intended to be a shine vanishing powder
and something that you could take on the
go to touch up with it is convenient I
mean it's definitely stepped up
convenience compared to a lot of loose
powders but for me I don't think it
really tops the pressed powders that are
just a compact in a mirror and you know
you don't have separate parts to deal
with and I think there's an advantage to
that and you might say well what if you
just put this on as a finishing powder
does it do a good job of like
controlling your oil longer through the
day I still end up getting oily in my
t-zone even if this is like the last
step of my makeup I don't notice a big
effect in that way I kind of see it as a
short-term solution like part of your
day passes you see oil you put this on
you know it remedies that briefly is not
really my super oily season either I'm
very dry on a lot of my face but just a
little more oily in my t-zone and and I
still get that way even if I put this on
at the end of my makeup loads also this
claims to be an invisible finish but
I've always been of the mindset that if
you use enough of something like this it
will show up on your skin see it's a
little bit beige but I feel like it has
kind of a yellow tone as well so I
wonder how this would really come off on
a super dark skin tone so bottom line
very cool packaging concept for a loose
powder it is really lightweight on the
skin I mean I don't feel like I'm
putting anything heavy on when I touch
up with this so I don't dislike the
product I think it can definitely turn
oily skin into matte skin as you saw in
my pictures but I just want to be real
with you and saying that I don't think
this is going to replace
our compact malee poreless face defender
or oil blotting sheets as something i
take on the go in my purse I just feel
like those things are a little bit
easier a little bit quicker just more
convenient than even this which i think
is an improved form of a loose powder so
thank you so much for watching my review
I hope that all made sense and I'll
doctor you again soon bye